feat: enable Ajv2019 and Ajv2020 (#152)
fastify/ajv-compiler: README.md

})
```

> ### Fastify with Ajv2019 or Ajv2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fastify with different JSON Schema version
```

> If you want to use Ajv2019 or Ajv2020 for newer JSON Schema features, you can do it be passing the `ajv.mode` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By providing the `ajv.mode` option
it is possible to select a [different JSON Schema version](https://ajv.js.org/json-schema.html#json-schema-versions)
for newer features.

By default the `draft-07` is used.
```
